MONGOID-5312 Document attributes method in reference (#5477)
mongodb/mongoid: docs/reference/crud.txt

   * - Operation
     - Example

   * - ``Model#attributes``

       *Returns a hash of the document's attributes with its values in

>        mongoized form (i.e. the way it's stored in the db).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       mongoized form (i.e. the way they are stored in the db).*
```

       *In Mongoid 8.0 by default, and Mongoid 7.5 with the*
       ``legacy_attributes`` *flag set to false, the object returned from this
       method will have class* ``Hash``, *and have string keys. In Mongoid 7.5
       by default, and in Mongoid 8.0 with the* ``legacy_attributes`` *flag set
       to true, the object returned from this method will be a*

>        ``BSON::Document`` *(and thus, indifferently accessable) if the document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       ``BSON::Document`` *(and thus, indifferently accessible) if the document
```

       has been retrieved from the database, and a* ``Hash`` *with string keys
       if it is a new document.*

       *If an embedded association is empty, its key will not show up in the

>        returned hash.*

Reviewer: Could you add before this sentence, in this paragraph, something like

> The `attributes` hash also contains the attributes of all embedded documents.

If I call `attributes` on a document which is itself embedded and it has another document embedded in it do I get the 2nd and 3rd level (counting from ultimate parent) attributes back?
